README.md, before:

```
Author:     Landon West
Partner:    None
Date:       13-Jan-2023
Course:     CS 3500, University of Utah, School of Computing
GitHub ID:  landonwest815
Repo:       https://github.com/uofu-cs3500-spring23/spreadsheet-landonwest815
Date:       20-Feb-2023 4:00am (when submission was completed) 
Solution:   Spreadsheet
Copyright:  CS 3500 and Landon West - This work may not be copied for use in Academic Coursework.
```

# Overview of the Spreadsheet functionality 

The Spreadsheet program is currently capable of:
    - Creating Formula objects that are syntactically correct and can contain variables depending on how the user defines their validity
    - Creating a Dependency Graph that can show which variables need to be calculated before others
    - Creating spreadsheet objects from a spreadsheet class that can get and set cells
    - Managing filepaths and Save/Load functionality
    
Future extensions include:
    - Implementing a GUI to work with the written code

# Time Expenditures:

    1. Assignment One:          Predicted Hours:          20        Actual Hours:    15
    2. Assignment Two:          Predicted Hours:          15        Actual Hours:    10
    3. Assignment Three:        Predicted Hours:          15        Actual Hours:    15
    4. Assignment Four:         Predicted Hours:          10        Actual Hours:    12    
    5. Assignment Five:         Predicted Hours:          10        Actual Hours:    13

Commit message:

Finalized the assingment before submission. Read through and clarified all comments, updated all READMEs with necessary information, and made sure the code looked as clean as it could.

README.md, after:

```
Author:     Landon West
Partner:    None
Date:       13-Jan-2023
Course:     CS 3500, University of Utah, School of Computing
GitHub ID:  landonwest815
Repo:       https://github.com/uofu-cs3500-spring23/spreadsheet-landonwest815
Date:       03-Mar-2023 7:00pm (when submission was completed) 
Solution:   Spreadsheet
Copyright:  CS 3500 and Landon West - This work may not be copied for use in Academic Coursework.
```

# Overview of the Spreadsheet functionality 

The Spreadsheet program is currently capable of:
    - Creating Formula objects that are syntactically correct and can contain variables depending on how the user defines their validity
    - Creating a Dependency Graph that can show which variables need to be calculated before others
    - Creating Spreadsheet objects from a spreadsheet class that can get and set cell information
    - Managing filepaths and Save/Load functionality
    - Displaying the Spreadsheet in a spreadsheet editor GUI via .NET MAUI
    
Future extensions include:
    - None required for this course, however, I am planning on adding the following:
        * Incrementing column names 'infinitely'
        * Setting the size of the spreadsheet on creation

# Time Expenditures:

    1. Assignment One:          Predicted Hours:          20        Actual Hours:    15
    2. Assignment Two:          Predicted Hours:          15        Actual Hours:    10
    3. Assignment Three:        Predicted Hours:          15        Actual Hours:    15
    4. Assignment Four:         Predicted Hours:          10        Actual Hours:    12    
    5. Assignment Five:         Predicted Hours:          10        Actual Hours:    13
    6. Assignment Six:          Predicted Hours:          15        Actual Hours:    32

    Note on Assignment Six: 
        The excessive amount of time spent was due to me wanting it to look exactly how I wanted it to.
        It was an enjoyable 32 hours rather than a stressful 32 hours.
