Spreadsheet/README.md, before:

﻿```
Author:     Landon West
Partner:    None
Date:       6-Feb-2023
Course:     CS 3500, University of Utah, School of Computing
GitHub ID:  landonwest815
Repo:       https://github.com/uofu-cs3500-spring23/spreadsheet-landonwest815
Date:       xx-Feb-2023 xx:00pm (when submission was completed) 
Project:    Spreadsheet
Copyright:  CS 3500 and Landon West - This work may not be copied for use in Academic Coursework.
```

# Comments to Evaluators:

    No comments for the spreadsheet class
    See README for the tester class for relevant comment

# Assignment Specific Topics

    None

# Consulted Peers:

    I did not talk with anyone for this assignment. All my questions were answered through the links mentioned below.

# References:

    Note: Not all of these links provided me with the information I was looking for, but these were all the visited websites regardless

    1. How to compare Lists in Unit Testing - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11055632/how-to-compare-lists-in-unit-testing
    2. Count the items from a IEnumerable<T> without iterating? - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/168901/count-the-items-from-a-ienumerablet-without-iterating
    3. How to print all elements of a list in C# - https://www.educative.io/answers/how-to-print-all-elements-of-a-list-in-c-sharp
    4. HashSet conversion to List - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1430987/hashset-conversion-to-list
    5. How can I check if an object is of a certain type at runtime in C#? - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3401447/how-can-i-check-if-an-object-is-of-a-certain-type-at-runtime-in-c
    6. How to add item to the beginning of List<T>? - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/390491/how-to-add-item-to-the-beginning-of-listt
    7. How do I parse a string with a decimal point to a double? - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1354924/how-do-i-parse-a-string-with-a-decimal-point-to-a-double

Commit message:

Proof read and cleaned up all code. Finalized my tests.

Spreadsheet/README.md, after:

﻿```
Author:     Landon West
Partner:    None
Date:       6-Feb-2023
Course:     CS 3500, University of Utah, School of Computing
GitHub ID:  landonwest815
Repo:       https://github.com/uofu-cs3500-spring23/spreadsheet-landonwest815
Date:       xx-Feb-2023 xx:00pm (when submission was completed) 
Project:    Spreadsheet
Copyright:  CS 3500 and Landon West - This work may not be copied for use in Academic Coursework.
```

# Comments to Evaluators:

    All the helper methods have documentation describing their purpose(s)

# Assignment Specific Topics

    Software Practices:
        - I have been using a lot more helper methods to help reduce copied code structure
        - I have been simplifying my if statements and aligning them for easier readability

# Consulted Peers:

    I did not talk with anyone for this assignment. All my questions were answered through the links mentioned below.
    A lot of my questions were also answered by simply attending the lectures.

# References:

    Note: Not all of these links provided me with the information I was looking for, but these were all the visited websites regardless

    1. How to compare Lists in Unit Testing - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11055632/how-to-compare-lists-in-unit-testing
    2. Count the items from a IEnumerable<T> without iterating? - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/168901/count-the-items-from-a-ienumerablet-without-iterating
    3. How to print all elements of a list in C# - https://www.educative.io/answers/how-to-print-all-elements-of-a-list-in-c-sharp
    4. HashSet conversion to List - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1430987/hashset-conversion-to-list
    5. How can I check if an object is of a certain type at runtime in C#? - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3401447/how-can-i-check-if-an-object-is-of-a-certain-type-at-runtime-in-c
    6. How to add item to the beginning of List<T>? - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/390491/how-to-add-item-to-the-beginning-of-listt
    7. How do I parse a string with a decimal point to a double? - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1354924/how-do-i-parse-a-string-with-a-decimal-point-to-a-double
    8. Check whether two lists have the same items in C# - https://www.techiedelight.com/check-whether-two-lists-have-the-same-items-in-csharp/
    9. if statement for throwing Exception? - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6184691/if-statement-for-throwing-exception
